Gay.
No guys are excited about getting to write some code with around spring framework.
But first, we got to pause and take a look at our GitHub workflow.
Now, I've had a lot of students take this course.
I think there's like over 40000 now that have enrolled through the course.
And I get this question a lot about how should I be working with GitHub repositories now?
I do have a process as very helpful for you.
Get Hub is not a requirement for this course.
It is something very helpful for you to have.
If you are new to get Hub, check out Appendix A of the there additional videos on that and links to
videos.
There's a ton of free content on.
I'd get other if you're not familiar with, get home.
But in this video, one I'm going to be doing is talking to you about the workflow.
There's a specific workflow that can really help you out with the course.
And we can jump over to a little video here to talk about the workflow.
And you get to see my mad skills with Adobe after effects.
My very first little Infl of video I've done with after effects.
So hope you enjoy this section and we will get you up to speed on how to use GitHub to your benefit
while you're taking this course.
All source code examples for the course are inside of GitHub.
I use get branches for each lesson.
Now you're going to get a starting branch.
Is the state of the code.
At the beginning of the lesson, changes that I make inside the lesson are then safe to an ending branch.
You'll find links to both branches in the course.
Resources using branches like this has two big benefits.
First, I can go back and update for any errors or new releases of spring.
Second, you can compare your work to my branches to make comparisons easier.
I recommend people use this workflow first for my repository to your own GitHub account.
GitHub is completely free to use if you need help with GitHub.
Check out Appendix A of this course for a collection of videos about how to use GitHub.
Once you have fought my repository to your account, check out your fork from your GitHub account to
your own local workspace.
Start with the Master Branch and then follow along the coding exercises in the course.
The hands on coding will help you learn and absorb the material in the course.
If you have any problems, you can do a comparison from your lone local workspace to the relevant branches
inside of Mike Houppert story.
This will help you identify any differences.
Also, by having your own repository, you can share this with others.
If you run into any problems and need help, or you can also show this to future employers to show them
your work.
Now, if you are uncertain about these steps, don't worry.
In the remainder of this video, I'm going to show you each step.
Step by step.
So the first thing we want to do in our workflow process is to fork.
My repository to your own good account.
So your account is completely free if you don't have one.
Only takes a minute to sign up.
And I'm going to jump over to Chrome and show you exactly how to fork my repository to your own GitHub
account.
OK.
Forking a repository is very simple to do.
I am signed into a different GitHub account.
This is a very old account that I had and simulating what you would do.
So I am at the spring framework to a repository.
But on a different GitHub account.
So this is exactly what you would be to do to fork it.
All I have to do is come up here and click on Fork.
They asked me, where do I want to go?
I mean, I say right there.
And it only takes a few seconds, you can see that it's saying that it's forking.
We get this little icon here and now this is Fort IN2, my GitHub repository.
And you can see here that it knows that it's been fought.
So says it's coming from here.
So if you ever wanna go back to my repository from your own get up repository, just simply click on
this and you'll see that get back to the original source, which is my repository.
But here, this is a repository that you will be using for the course.
The next step in the process is to clone the repository or check it out of Guiteau.
So we go through and show you exactly how to do this now.
Now, cloning the repository is also a very simple process.
So I'm still in my other GitHub account.
And this is where I fought to I mean, come up here and say clone just clicking this to this copy's
the YORO over to the clipboard.
And you do have an option of HTP s or ss h.
I like SS H in a POSIX environment being a Mac OS or 16 free on Windows HDTV.
Yes.
It's probably going to generally work out better for you.
And I'm going to jump over you.
I'm going to show you two different ways that we can clone.
First way we can just come over to the command line and this assumes that you do have it installed on
your machine.
So change to the directory that you wish to be working in for your your workspace.
And all you gotta do is issue the command, get clone and then paste in that you are all hit, enter
and you can see that get has gone and clone that repository.
I do a directory here, can see there's that spring up and then there's the, the working files within
it.
So now I'm ready to start developing on this.
The second way to clone us get help is you can do it right from intelligence.
So I only toggle over to ontology and show you that now.
So here I am, and until they just come up to file new project from version control.
I'm going to go ahead and base the.
Most callers, too, I think, have one in the temp directory.
So let's go ahead and clone it.
It's gonna say yes.
Now, when it first opens it up, it might not detect that it is a MAVEN project and intelligence is
a little inconsistent on this.
So sometimes it does.
Sometimes it does not.
It might be on the particular flavor of until a jam using it does not detect it, which it looks like
in this example.
It has not.
Has it.
Actually, it did.
So did pick up that it does maven project if it does not.
Like I said, it is a little random.
It is not.
Just come in here right click and you'll see in here an option to add it as a maven project.
So like I said, it seems to be completely random.
Sometimes it picks it up as Maven project.
When I was testing it, it did not here.
It did.
So just one of a weird, quirky, quirky things that you see now and then.
But here now again, and this is now close to my local repository and I'm all ready to start developing
against it.
So the whole reason we for the repository to your own and then cloned it is so that you can do comparison.
So being able to compare your your state of your code to my different branches that are kind of beyond
there is a very powerful tool.
Go to intelligence now and show you exactly how easy that is to do.
OK.
Doing a comparative really easy just to for purposes here.
I'm going to go ahead and add a class and I always like this compact middle packages makes things a
little bit easier for us.
I'm going to come in here.
I'm just going to add in food class because this just temporary.
I'm adding this and just as an example.
So we're going to go ahead and air quotes at it to get.
This is a throw away repository for me just for purposes of this class.
So now what I want to do to do a comparison against GitHub, I come in here right click and the comparison
is going to be based on the folder that you are clicking on.
So I'm going to come up here and I'm gonna compare the entire project.
I'm cooking on the root of the source folder.
Actually, I could do the top level project folder too, if I wanted to.
So it just come down here, click on Compare with Branch and if you had any other branches checked out,
you would see them here.
Origin means that the origin inside of good hub.
So let's go ahead and take a look at what we'll do, adding time we that should give us a bunch of changes.
So what you can see here where things are Ingrey.
That means that it's not there.
So they just come up here and say, put controller.
Click on that.
We can see that there is no local resource to compare against and green the food java.
I added that.
And to show you here, this only exists in my repository locally.
Now here, this one in blue, that means there's differences.
So I have the file here and it's not shown.
So if I come in here and double click on this now we can see here.
This is saying that that is the remote version.
And here's my version.
So this line has been added.
So we're seeing that the difference there and intelligent does a real nice job of showing you the differences.
So if you do have any differences, if you have something that's not working now, you can go and compare
your source code against my source code.
You can see exactly how easy it is to do comparisons against branches inside of GitHub, inside of your
own repository.
But what happens if I make changes?
If I did some type of a patch while you're taking the course, since you've worked very simple to do
what we can do is tell.
And get to look at my report story as well.
Very simple command to do that.
And now when when we do this from Intelligent Bill, do comparisons to your own Falke repository.
And to my repository as well.
To see if I've changed anything, if I've done any updates to the versions or possible bug fixes.
So I'm not sure exactly how to set that up right now inside of intelligent.
OK.
So what we want to do is we want to add another remote repo to our get hub configuration locally.
So here on the screen I have where I the fork that I did know.
What I want to do is I want to grab this guy right here, go to it into the original repository.
And now I want to copy this.
You are all here.
Now, I'm going to come back over to ontology.
And until Jay, I'm going to go into the terminal.
Now, this terminal location.
You just need to do this from the command line.
And you want a show very, very simple command again.
You need to have get installed on your machine just to get.
Remote ad and then paste in that value there.
Made one mistake there.
So I want to get the remote ad in here.
I'm going to call it as a G repoll.
I missed the name previously.
And then paste in there, you are also going to call that a Sep G repo for that.
And now that is happy.
Now, if I come up here and I want to get fetch.
So what this is going to do is it looks like it's dropping off the screen there.
Sorry about that.
So I'm going to go out and do a get touch.
I could also do that from a command line just to get.
Fetch.
And that tells you get to go out to the top of her pasdar and pull down new information.
Now, if I come in here and I do get.
Compared compared with Branch and see, I have origin.
And then I have SFD repo, so these are all the branches inside the original repository.
So as of G Repo, it's going to be my repository.
Origin will be your repository inside a GitHub.
So this allows you to see any changes that I've made to the source code since you fork to your own repo.
Any changes that I've made are not going to be pushed here.
So this I can see any changes they're made since you did the fork.